I can't think of anyone who just has one
interest in life and that's all they
want to do for the rest of their life
[Music]
around 15% of American workers don't
have traditional full-time jobs they're
half time part-time contract workers or
text the term side hustle just seems to
fit with this ethos where people are
putting together a few different things
to make a living the word side hustle
has its roots in popular
african-american newspapers in the 1920s
these papers used the word hustle to
refer to some kind of scam by the 1950s
they were using side hustles to refer to
legitimate work to side hustle is a
little different than a second job the
second job is about necessity while a
side hustle can certainly bring in extra
income it's a little more aspirational
side hustle captures a certain kind of
scrappy entrepreneurial spirit I've
interviewed more than 100 women of color
on site hustle crow who started
successful site hustles niala Ellis
Brown started Ellis Island see out of
her trunk
Archie Jones started her famous capital
city Co mumbles sauce with one products
and a PayPal link all these women are
running side hustles what exactly does
this tell us first that people are
seeing opportunity within their
communities the goal here isn't
necessarily to be the next coca-cola or
Google scale is great but there's also
beauty in a successful business that's
built for a specific audience second
people are increasingly interested in
being their own boss being your own boss
takes discipline self-made millionaires
tend to have one big tree can comment
they make decisions hold themselves
accountable and push through in the face
of challenges a side hustle is a great
way to try out be your own boss and see
if you have those skills before fully
stepping out on your own third people
are multi passionate I want to stress
that not every side hustle is started
because someone hates their job
many are started simply because people
are interested in lots of different
things Lisa price who started a hair and
beauty company Carol's Daughter was
working in television
when she started site hustling she says
she actually loved her job it was the
fact that she came home every day
feeling good that led her to start
experimenting with making fragrances and
hair oils in her kitchen we're always
being taught that we're supposed to know
what we want to do when we grow up when
you're mostly passionate you want to dip
and dabble in those different things it
doesn't mean that you're not committed
to your job it just means that you have
other outlets that bring you joy and
that brings me to the final thing the
site hustle revolution shows us people
want to make a bet on themselves side
hustles are appealing because it's
easier to take that chance when you have
some kind of income coming in even if a
side hustle doesn't take off it's still
an investment in yourself 41% of
Millennials who have a side hustle say
they've shared this information with
their employers they're not worried
about their managers reacting negatively
they recognize all the learning and
growth that comes with running a side
hustle everyone is looking to feel
fulfilled 38% of baby boomers feel some
kind of regret about their career no one
wants that the truth is that there are
many different ways to find happiness
through what we do side hustles are
about embracing that hope that we can be
the ones making the decisions in how we
spend our work lives
[Music]